Term & Condition:

This content instructs you on the terms of use in regards to browsing our website and our application, whether you're a regular user or a guest. Please carefully read these terms and conditions of use with care before you begin to use this application. It's understood that if using our application you are accepting these terms and conditions and, as such, you are consenting to abide by them. If, for any reason, you don't agree to these terms, then we would appreciate if you didn't use this application .

1. Accessing our application
1.1 Access to our application is allowed on a temporary basis. We maintain the right to change or withdraw the service provided immediately at any time. Adam Companies is a trading name of Adam Companies Ltd, Reg No. 12419187

1.2 Now and then we may limit access to our site.

1.3 If you have a password, user identification code or other information that's part of our security measures, this information is confidential and must not be disclosed to a third party. We reserve the right to disable any password or user identification code at any time, if we deem that you have not complied with these site usage terms and conditions.

1.4 You take full responsibility for having all the necessary arrangements to access this site. It's also your responsibility that all persons who gain access to our website through your internet connection are acquainted and comply with these terms and conditions.

2. Transactions completed through our website and our liability to you
2.1 Our position is as an introductory service for home repairs technician. We are given responsibility by those Providers to enter into a contract with you on behalf of the Adam Companies-Technician app. We send you an email & request job to your App Account with booking details confirmation as well as a link to Services Terms and Conditions.

2.2 As soon as you agree to our Services Terms and Conditions, and the terms which are explained in the email, a contract will then be entered into between the Provider and yourself.

2.3 You contract is solely with the service Provider. Responsibility for the service provided rests with the Provider. As the Services Terms and Conditions are legally binding once agreed, it's important to read them carefully.

2.4 Your contract is solely with the Provider but our company will be your main contact with the Provider and it's our company that processes all non-cash payment transactions on behalf of the Provider.

2.5 It's the Provider's responsibility to ensure the service is supplied. It's agreed that our company has no responsibility or liability for the supplying of these services.

2.6 If, at any time, you experience a problem with the Provider then contact us immediately by email: consumer@adamcompanies.co.uk

3. Intellectual Property Rights
3.1 Our company is the licensee or sole owner of all intellectual property rights of this application including all material. This intellectual property is protected by copyright law and worldwide treaties. All rights are reserved.

3.2 You are allowed to print one copy, download extracts, of any page(s) from our website (https://adam companies.com) if it's for personal reference. You can also draw attention to material on this website to others within your organisation.

3.3 If you print or download material, you cannot change the content in any way. You must also refrain from using any content such as photographs, audio sequences, illustrations, video or any graphics without any accompanying text.

3.4 Our status (including contributions from any identified individuals) as the sole authors of material on this site should always be acknowledged.

3.5 No material must be used for commercial purposes unless a licence is obtained from us or our licensors.

3.6 If you download, copy or print off any material which is in breach of these terms and conditions, your right to use this application will stop immediately. You must, if we choose, destroy or return any copies of the material you have made.

4. Reliance on information posted
4.1 Any commentaries or other material which is on our site is not meant to be taken as advice that should be relied on.

4.2 As such, we disclaim all responsibility and liability from anything that relies on this material by anyone visiting our site or a person informed of its contents.

5. Our site changes regularly
5.1 We intend to update our application on a regularly, because of this the content may change at any time. If necessary, we may temporary suspend access to the application or close it permanently.

5.2 Any site material could be out of date at any time, we are not obliged to update it.

6. Intellectual Property Rights
6.1 All displayed material on this site is shown without any conditions, guarantees or warranties in regards to accuracy. To the limit of what is permitted by law, ourselves, other members of our group of companies and all third parties in connection with us expressly exclude the following:

6.1.1. All warranties, conditions and other terms that might be implied by common law, the law of equity or statute.

6.1.2 Any liability that arises or results in consequential, direct or indirect damage or loss incurred by using this application or in any other connection to using this app, inability to use or any result of using this app, other websites that are linked to our website as well as any material posted on it, this includes:

6.1.2.1 any loss of revenue or income;

6.1.2.2 any loss of business;

6.1.2.3 any loss of contracts or profits;

6.1.2.4 any loss of possible savings;

6.1.2.5 any loss of information or data;

6.1.2.6 any loss of goodwill;

6.1.2.7 wasted time; and whether caused by tort (this includes negligence), breach of contract or otherwise.

6.2 This does not affect any liability we have in case of personal injury or death which arises from our negligence, nor does it affect our liability for any fraudulent misrepresentation as well as other liabilities that cannot be limited or excluded under applicable law.

7. Information concerning you and your visits to this application.
7.1 All information about you is processed in line with our privacy policy.

7.2 By using this app, you agree to this processing and warrant all information given by you is correct.

8. Uploading any material to our site
8.1 Whenever uploading material to our site or if you make contact with other site users, you must adhere to the content standards set out here. You warrant that any such action or contribution you make complies with those standards, and by doing this indemnify ourselves from any breach of warranty.

8.2 Any material uploaded will be regarded as non-confidential and non-propriety, and we have the right to copy, use, disclose and distribute such material for any purpose to third parties. Should any person claim their intellectual property rights or their privacy has been violated by any material posted, it is also our right to disclose your identity to that third party.

8.3 We are not liable, or responsible to any third party in relation to any material posted by you or another user.

8.4 We have the absolute right to immediately remove any posting or material you make if, we deem that, said material doesn't comply with the content standards set out here.

9. Viruses, hacking and other offences
9.1 Under no circumstances should you misuse our site by deliberately introduce malicious material such as viruses, trojans, logic bombs, worms or anything which is technologically harmful. Clients must never try to gain unauthorised access to our website, the server our site is on or any other server, database or computer connected to this site.

9.2 By doing this you would be committing a criminal offence stated within the Computer Misuse Act 1990. Our company will report any breach to the relevant authorities and fully co-operate with those law enforcement authorities including disclosing your identity. Should such a breach happen, your access to our site will be stopped immediately.

9.3 We are not liable for any damage or loss caused by a denial-of-service attack, virus or any technologically harmful material that could affect your computer programs, computer equipment, data or other propriety material that results from the use of our website or due to you downloading any material, or other website linked to it.

10. Linking to our application
10.1 You are allowed to link to our app, as long as it's done in a fair and legal fashion and in no way damages our name, reputation or takes advantage of it. Likewise, you must not establish a link that suggests an association, endorsement or approval where none on our part exists.

10.2 You must never establish a link from the application where you aren't the owner.

10.3 This application must not be framed on another website, you can’t make a link to any part of this application. We reserve the right to withdraw any link permission immediately without notice. Any linked website must comply with the content standard terms set out here.

10.4 If you wish to use any of our app material other than stated here, you can contact us via consumer@adamcompanies.co.uk

11. Links from our site
11.1 Links provided by third parties are provided for information only.
11.2 Since we have no control over other website content, we accept no liability for any damage or loss that results from using these sites.

12. Jurisdiction and applicable law
12.1 The English courts have non-exclusive jurisdiction over claims arising from a visit to our website. However, we reserve the right to bring action against you for any breach of conditions in your country of residence or any other relevant country.

12.2 The terms of use set out here or any claim/dispute that arises out of connection with them (this includes non-contractual claims) will be governed and construed in accordance with the law of Great Britain.

13. Variations:
We can revise these terms and conditions at any time by modifying this page. You are expected to view this page regularly to note any changes, as they are binding. Some provisions in these terms may also be superseded by other notices or provisions shown elsewhere on this site.

14. GDPR & Your Data Protection
14.1 All of your data collected during the process of your quotation or/and during the chosen service will be stored safely and securely and will not be shared with anyone.

14.2 We will not use your email address to send you any advertising emails or promotions unless you have subscribed to our form.

14.3 You can at anytime request to unsubscribe and therefore will not receive any emails from us once you have unsubscribed.

14.4 You will continue receiving important emails such as quotations, amended quotation, confirmation and amended confirmation as well.

14.5 Your data will be stored for 36 months and will be automatically deleted once the period of time has passed unless you have chosen to use our services once again during that time.

14.6 You can at any time request to obtain the data that we have stored for yourself and we shall present it to you in 15 business days.

14.7 You can contact us at any time to request additional information or to file a complaint regarding your data.

15. Your concerns
In case of any concerns about material on this app, you can contact: consumer@adamcompanies.co.uk


Thank you for visiting this app.